I wanted to tell a little about
remote play
finally succeeded
I connected you now too because
which is a very dense wall
respectively, on ipo shares
connects
then goes changed kristovskie
where is the browser
choose nalchane specialty
playback 3 everything here begins at
general
when we wake up, I think that he
we are more
I’m sure to do it right now I just want
show you because
and aliens 100 in action
here we have
here is a sheer prefix
is playing remotely
he is here with us
telephones
9 how something is formed that is nadya dispute
then got used to the field
this content cannot be this
affected
this device
well and play
cannot be allowed
343 thousand
as for the video just watch a
how to work
Incidentally, the phone can
install remote access
and the occasion field that is you can now open
folder and 10
Well, that is, respectively
half
the product is sharp ticket without any
Connections can be viewed on the console
photo phone
visibility phone any content that
is on
take and watch those
summary now look at work found
money
are connected
and deputies
make it display everything
everything is displayed
launching hotel banner
the expert sees
repair corruption
Kiryukhin
km May 23 crash
not blocked
but here's the point was
still in winter
that is his japan in the prefecture besides
which part
a lot others
change
to
besides that time loop output
what is another reason for this approach not
watched movies
with his
consoles
being
it was a very interesting experience
on the school screen in this plan in Polish
looks at me quite normal
by man
I teach wanted to show wanted to show Putin
km
e
to
mv
then I know that he
can still be done can still be done for example
play music
It is also an option
and here it is now just of course
present
the noise did not suit
is over
before it is supposed to
cover the situation
usually
experts say they have no analogues in
the world with a smile
Cannot connect any
revolutionary that's why we offer
not just 800 people City Hall main scene
relatively easy to work services
mode at which can not but rejoice
I think I can possibly Georgia
will participate
use the phone
you can send messages by belt
emphasis can
favor even the browser is embedded is not easy here
you are welcome
on the contrary, this is all I could
he personally health
question and answer
demand is growing
full work by and large
there is not much arguing about the table before
the police
Supported games store
this and other sony ericsson phones
add someone by model and
working trip functionality
default
and here you are, that is, the sarcophagus
beating him
In his best
it is natural that
I'll have to try now
connect consoles all about
friend was
because the point is under somewhere
to say so completely understood
Kokshetau to
yes here's one clear 10
Here you are, I feel that I will show
year at 10
Photo
that is, the moment to watch
as if we were arguing
sony playstation 3
here you are
remove
everyone works
considering that this is a good video shoot
and photo
In my opinion this is a lot
in my opinion it is a lot so to speak
help
big so
or even more interesting additive for
set owner
crime music
multimedia rally
lies in the house
all time use
there was no money to place
that is, this account can
put it
back all in full circle
Yes Yes Yes
that is, the phone does not fall but I have to
graduating after the final st ul here
Please evaluate the work
That should pick up the pitch
he is here too
connected for the same reason
Nemtsov this crying
here it is possible accordingly
print prefix
we will kill with the help of the army
in 90 million
I want to want news by the way
in my opinion is very good